I put my hands together and pray
Why is fate so cruel?
My will to put on a brave face
is about to break
Everything I do seems to go wrong,
you know?
Oh, calm down,
I still have faith in you
Even if we're apart
Even if you forget about me someday
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
We don't need words
to understand each other
We're connected on a higher level
I'm sorry, fate,
but you're full of it
So let's laugh it off
by putting on a brave face
With you, I think we can alter fate
On lonely nights
when I feel like crying
I will pray for you
so that I won't leave you all alone
We'll show you how Squad Zero
gets serious.
They killed themselves?!
You didn't stand a chance against us
when there were four of you.
What can you do all by yourself?
Even the slightest use
of our powers
would cause the heaven and earth
of the three worlds to tremble.
Because of that,
we linked our lives to one another
to seal away our true swords.
And now,
in exchange for three of our lives,
the blood oath seal
has been broken...
Prepare yourself.
Bankai.
Shatatsu Karagara Shigaraminotsuji.
That's Senjumaru's
Spiritual Pressure...
Probably her Bankai.
B-Bankai?!
I've never felt
a Spiritual Pressure like this
even from a captain's Bankai!
Kurosaki...
Are you talking about Squad Zero?
Yeah. You guys haven't met them
in person, have you?
My Zanpakuto, these clothes,
and even my new powers...
I got them all from
training with Squad Zero.
Anyway, everything they do
is at a whole other level.
If they're that powerful
then they can probably
beat the Quincies, too!
She's right!
And if they manage
to defeat Yhwach,
then we'll be home free!
Yeah...
Thump... Thump...
Rattle... Rattle...
Thump...
Rattle, rattle...
Unravel one hank,
Abundant Blooming of Eyes.
Sightless be to any
who gaze upon their might.
Unravel two hanks...
Oh, come on...
What the heck is this?
Armor of Blade Steel.
And you, unable to bear its weight,
are forever sealed.
Unravel three hanks...
Bowels of Black Sand.
Pulled in by those hands...
you meet your end.
Unravel four hanks...
What a petty trick.
I shall cut right through-
Freezing Bed Linens.
Succumb to their slumber...
and never stir again.
Unravel five hanks, Burning Field.
Until you turn to ash...
there is no escape.
Unravel six hanks...
Star of the Dark Night.
Absorbed by its abyss...
and led into the afterlife.
Now take a quick look,
you villains...
as I bind off and release
the cloths from this loom.
Shidenorokushikiukimonnohata.
My power is "Black."
Once I unleash Ichimonji...
Soul Reapers, Quincies,
the dead and the living...
It doesn't matter who you are.
All the "Black" in this world...
becomes mine.
Yhwach.
Or rather,
the one who used to be Yhwach.
Losing your name must be agonizing.
Poor fellow.
How about...
I give you a name!
Shinuchi Shirafude Ichimonji.
If I had to use
the more modern term,
I guess this would be
called a Bankai.
After all, this was the first
evolved Zanpakuto
that was around far before
Bankai existed in the world.
This sword can etch a new name
on whatever is painted over
by Ichimonji.
"BLACK ANT"
on whatever is painted over
by Ichimonji.
"BLACK ANT"
on whatever is painted over
by Ichimonji.
"BLACK ANT"
Now how do you feel, "Black Ant,"
who was formerly known as Yhwach?
Your power
is like that of a black ant
that crawls on the ground-
a frail and fleeting life.
I... I never imagined...
Yes. You couldn't have imagined.
The extent of the difference
in our power.
And this is where your fate ends.
You will bear the weight
of the lives of
all the Soul Reapers you've killed...
and be crushed to death
like the black ant that you are!
King of the bugs...
Farewell.
"SEAL"
ICHIBE HYOSUBE
I never imagined...
that I could see this much
with my eyes closed!
Why...
aren't you dead yet?
Impossible.
The characters are...
"The confined Quincy King..."
"regains his pulse
after 900 years."
"His mind after 90 years."
"His strength after 9 years."
His Majesty has been fighting
this whole time
with his eyes closed.
But not because
he took his adversaries lightly.
If he opened his eyes before
the 9 years of strength elapsed,
his power could have
gone out of control.
But now,
His Majesty has opened his eyes.
The 9 years of strength have ended.
His Majesty has regained
his true power.
His eyes can now see and know
everything that is about to unfold.
And...
the power His Majesty
sees with his eyes
cannot be used to kill him.
His Majesty's Schrift is "A."
The name of the power befitting
our Quincy King is called...
"The Almighty."
What's this?
Did your king's awakening cause you
to develop new powers, Uryu Ishida?
Well, don't worry.
If you cannot sleep, then I can help
by sewing your eyes.
Go ahead.
But you'll have to move faster
than my arrows.
Licht Regen.
Are you feeling it stir
inside your veins, Uryu Ishida?
It's the blue blood
you inherited from him.
However...
What is there for
a mere Quincy to inherit?
What legacy can one forsaken
by the Soul King possibly leave?
Your kind has outlived your time.
I will eradicate your bloodline
here and now.
Don't worry.
I'm not Mayuri.
Tinkering with dead bodies
is not my cup of tea.
You wouldn't have died needlessly
if you had stayed hidden
in the World of the Living.
I have a reason to fight.
This will only hurt a bit...
You're wondering why
I didn't die back there...
or why your powers
peeled away from me...
and why you are going to lose.
That is what you want to know,
isn't it?
You think I'd lose?
You must be feeling
awfully powerful
now that you stripped yourself
of the name Black Ant.
The one who used to be
known as Yhwach.
Just how do you intend to defeat me
with all that black on you?
You might know everything.
But have you forgotten...
that all the "Black" in this world
belongs to me?!
Hey there, dusk.
Hey there, everlasting darkness.
Come on closer.
Show yourself and have a drink.
This drink will be
your last breath.
But flowers bloom even on...
the path of death.
Where's the snack?
Dye it black.
Tear it apart.
Roast it black.
With a flame, oh so black.
And I will scarf it down.
With the pure white bones
left behind,
I shall erect your tomb
and mourn your repose.
So you will never be born
once more.
So you will never become
our sacrifice again.
Futen Taisatsu Ryo!
These are graves dedicated to you...
Built from 100 nights stolen from
the Soul Society 100 years from now.
They will soak up
even the black you wear.
Turn your blood, flesh,
and bones black
and return them to nothingness.
Not even rebirth will be tolerated.
- Fall to a pitch-black hell.
I thought I told you,
I can see it all.
There is no room for comprehension
or countermeasures against my power.
All that I see and know
is powerless against me.
Do you still think of me as one
without a name?
My name is Yhwach.
The one who will rob you
of everything.
Is that the power
of a Stern Ritter?
Have you lost your mind?
Do you really think you can escape
from my Bankai-?
What an odd thing to say,
Soul Reaper.
The one who is caught
in your Bankai right now...
is you.
I am Uryu Ishida.
On my honor as a Quincy,
I will kill you.
Just as I foresaw.
You died three steps short.
Squad Zero has fallen.
Our thousand years of prayer
are about to be rewarded at last.
Now it is your turn to fall...
Soul King.
A thousand years...
The losses etched in
our Quincy souls...
Our crusade to crush
the root cause...
will be consummated
with your death.
Do you hear it?
The sound of my footsteps...
They are the bells that toll for
the king of the three worlds.
An ache upon
an unsatisfying grayscale
My confidence vanishes
I turned regret into lies
I ignored our chipped blades
I worked overtime
just for maintenance
But I knew all along
that this faded color
was an irreversible law
So I might as well pray
There's no turning back now
I thought I had made up my mind
but I'm still haunted by
doubt and anxiety
A bundle of emotions torn to shreds
with nothing left for me to gain
What's more important
than one's life
is to shoulder that burden
to sever this monochrome
I keep searching for the answer
to an unsolvable thesis
while making choices until I die
Then I remember where we came from
and the lives
that could never interact
No one is allowed to use the scale
since it falls apart in an instant
So, what can I measure
ourselves against?
Instead, I hold onto your words
that gave my heart meaning
It's always a paradox
The moon waxes
with each regret and sadness
The massive, unconquerable foe is
the darkness that dwells within me
I forsook my pride and joy
but I am still confounded
by this flock of imperfection
Beyond that white and resentful
midnight sun
awaits an illusion etched in black
It's so quiet...
What's going on?
Is the battle over?
Is that...
Someone from Squad Zero?
Yeah. It's Osho...
Ichigo...
Osho?!
My name, Ichigo...
- What is it?!
- Not sure...
Call out my name...
I'm hearing Osho's voice...
Call out my name, Ichigo...
Your name...?
Ichibe Hyosube.
Whew! Thank you.
All powers dwell in names.
By having you say my name,
I was able to receive
a tiny bit of your power
to restore my own body.
That's messed up...
Is it?
With our combined powers,
it shouldn't come as a surprise.
Ichigo.
I need you to stop Yhwach.
Squad Zero lost to them.
My body has been restored,
but it'll be too late
by the time my strength returns.
There's nobody else
who can stop him now.
I won't ask you to kill him.
I just need you to stop him.
The Soul King is the key
to the world.
If he dies,
so will the World of the Living,
Hueco Mundo, and the Seireitei...
All of it will collapse
and disappear.
I'm sorry for laying
such a task on you.
Please protect the Soul King,
Ichigo.
I will.
Farewell, Soul King.
The one who has seen the future...
my father.
"The bell will continue to toll."
"Until you fall to the earth."
"Struck by the sword."
BLEACH #28 KILL THE KING